[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi, guys.
You guys, this is just
so incredible, isn't it?
Like, this conference
has been amazing.
We're like inside a pyramid.
How cool is that in Las Vegas?
I feel so cool.
Is anyone here from Las Vegas?
Oh, no way.
So it's probably not
cool to you though.
[LAUGHS] Anyone from
a different planet?
Yay, straight As.
My tribe.
So anyway, I got into all this
stuff just totally by accident.
When I was younger,
I had so many issues.
I was overweight,
really overweight.
I had phobias and fears.
And I had OCD that
was so debilitating
that I had to open and
close drawers and flick
on and off light switches
just to leave the house.
And then on top of that, I was
like this hypochondriac super
manifestor.
So if you had a problem
and I thought about it,
I could get your problem
from thinking about it.
It was like so annoying.
And so I had to go to therapy
because nothing really--
I never got better.
I kept getting worse.
And my parents didn't
know what to do with me.
So it was in therapy I
learned a lot about therapy.
And I thought, oh
my gosh, I'm going
to help everyone because
I don't want anyone
to suffer like I suffered.
I mean, my whole
childhood was pretty much
suffering, and then
more suffering.
And it sucked.
And so I thought, I'm going
to be the best therapist
and help everyone.
And so I decided I was
going to be a psychologist.
That's what I wanted to do.
Those were my childhood dreams.
What are you going to be?
I'm going to be the
best psychologist.
So I went to college to become
a psychologist, which is really
weird that I do this now.
But that's how life works.
Something really
life-changing happened to me
when I went to college.
So about two and a half
months after I got to college,
I went back home to my family's
house for the first time.
And there's this little
mirror that you see
when you walk through the door.
And when I walk through
my parents' door,
I looked at my reflection,
and my jaw just dropped.
I was like, while I was away
for just a couple months,
I had forgotten to
have all my problems
because I lost a considerable
amount of weight.
And I was eating pizza.
I mean, I was drinking beer.
I was a freshman.
I hadn't done
anything different.
And then I just stared
at myself like, oh, yeah,
what about the opening
and closing drawers?
What about all my problems?
And it dawned on me that because
I had changed my environment,
I had changed my
thought patterns.
And then I thought, wow,
every problem I've ever had
has been a thought pattern
that I was repeating to myself.
So with this aha moment,
from that moment forward,
I've realized that if I
ever have any problems,
I go about changing my patterns.
And I can literally
control anything
I want to in my lifetime now.
So it's incredibly valuable
to understand how much power
our thought patterns have.
But I didn't really
have anybody to talk
to about this, so I graduated.
And then before going
to graduate school,
I had to do an internship.
And my job was to
basically counsel people
and give them medication
because that's
what I had to do as a
counselor at this halfway house
where I was doing my internship.
And I felt-- and this
is my own experience--
that within about a
week of working there
that everything I
learned in college
was a lie because no
one got any better.
I mean, there were
no success stories.
In '97, the protocol, if a
person was talking to aliens,
was to consider
them schizophrenic
and heavily medicate them.
And these were people.
And I thought, wait a minute,
I wanted to help people.
This just seemed like it
didn't help anybody at all.
Everybody was stuck there.
People were drooling on the
couch if I gave them medication.
No one was affected
at all by any
of the counseling techniques.
They just said the same
problem over and over again.
Where is the solution
here for these people?
And I got so disheartened.
I thought, I can't
believe that this
is the culmination of everything
I've studied in school.
And this doesn't even work.
I was like, this is it?
That's all we have
for these people?
It wasn't OK with me.
So I eventually found hypnosis.
And in order to become a
master hypnotist in 2009,
you had to do lose weight,
quit smoking, and past life
regression.
But the reason I really
wanted to do hypnosis
is I remembered
in college that we
had one class where we learned
about regression hypnosis.
And I wanted to do
childhood regression.
I wanted to regress
somebody in their childhood
to the root cause
of their issue.
I didn't know anything
about past life regression.
I really didn't
even believe in it.
I wasn't very
spiritual whatsoever.
I didn't grow up with
spirituality or religion
or anything like that.
So it wasn't a part of my
belief system at the time.
But I had to do past
life regression.
It was forced in
fact because in order
to become a master
hypnotist, I had to do it.
I had to do past
life regression,
lose weight, quit smoking, and
regression techniques, basically
childhood regression.
But right away, I
learned and it seemed
like within the first
week that people
could come in for
just one session
and heal themselves in these
past life regressions, where
lose weight and quit
smoking wasn't even
really that effective.
I mean, it was like putting
a Band-Aid on cancer.
It wasn't getting to the
root cause of anything.
So I decided, well, I want
to do something that works.
So I studied with
Dr. Brian Weiss.
He was my first teacher.
And I got really
good at his method.
I loved it.
And I did it for
many, many years.
And I love him.
He's super sweet.
And then I felt like something
in my life is missing.
I just don't know what it is.
But I feel this feeling.
And I just can't figure it out.
I feel like there's
something missing in my life.
So I contacted this psychic.
And her name's
Emmanuelle McIntosh.
I contacted this psychic.
And she said, oh my gosh,
this is the easiest reading
I've ever done.
We've become friends.
And we always joke
about this now.
She's like everybody
has future potentials.
But you have one
really clear one.
You're supposed to do
Dolores Cannon's technique.
That's why you feel like
something's missing.
And you're going to
get really good at it.
be writing books.
And then you're going to
be teaching about them.
And you're going to be
speaking about this information
all over the world.
And I was so mad I wasted
money on another psychic.
I was like, what the heck?
There goes another
$100 down the drain
because I thought she
totally had me confused.
And I really thought
she must have
gotten me confused with
the person before me
or after because I would
never write a book, I mean,
jeez, or speak in
front of people.
Why would I do that?
And who is this
Dolores Cannon person?
So I was just so frustrated.
I didn't even look up
this Dolores Cannon person
for like six months later
until Dolores actually
popped up on my computer.
And when I saw what
she was talking about,
I instantly felt this
connection to it.
And I thought, hmm, I'm
going to check this out.
So I looked deeper
into what she taught.
And as soon as I
did, it was like I
had the goosebumps, full
recognition where I was like,
oh my gosh, this is
what I'm missing.
And sure enough, just
like the psychic said,
I worked my way up from being
a level one to a level three,
writing books and speaking
about it all over the world.
So what is this amazing method,
QHHT, stands for quantum healing
hypnosis technique.
And the method that I do and
the way that I write my books
is I use Dolores
Cannon's method.
Dolores Cannon
founded this method
after 45 years of research.
And basically what sets
this method apart, which,
in my opinion, is the best
method that I've ever done--
and I've done many
different things--
is the real goal of a session.
It's not only to
regress a person.
But you bring them to the
very deepest level of trance.
And you access their all-knowing
higher consciousness.
And in that way, you
can find out anything.
I mean, you can find
out who a person really
is, their true purpose.
And they can even
heal themselves.
And the healing is so fantastic.
Her daughter,
Julia Cannon, wrote
a book called "Soul Speak."
But it's really all about how
the body is just a messenger.
So the body is just always
sending us messages.
It's on our side.
And the body is a
literal messenger too.
Usually what's
happening, if you have
an issue on your right side,
is it something happening
right now?
Anything on the left side is
something from the past usually.
And so if you just look at what
message the body is sending you,
it's pretty literal.
Like if your left
hand is hurting,
a lot of times it's from holding
on too tightly to something
from the past.
Or if your right
hand has issues,
you could be holding on
too tightly to something,
feet could be
stability or movement,
same with the mobility joints.
So the body is a
literal messenger.
And that's why in
these sessions,
it's so easy for people to
really tune into themselves
and get the message.
So my introduction
to extraterrestrials
is just like everything in my
life, just happened by accident.
I wanted to take the
level three QHHT class.
So I needed a volunteer.
And it was on the spot because
I had been really wanting
this class to be in Florida.
And all of a sudden,
it was in Florida.
And I thought, oh my God,
I got to find somebody
to regress that won't mind
me actually videotaping them.
I wanted somebody that was not
a paying client because I just
wanted someone
that wouldn't care,
that wasn't into
any of this stuff
really so I could
videotape them and take it.
So I asked my friend Jen.
And I said, Jen, would you
mind doing this with me?
And I knew that Jen wasn't
into any of this stuff
because I had been friends
with her for 10 years.
And we used to sit
on the playground
together and watch our kids play
after school because she was
a teacher at the kids' school.
And we would always
just be together
and talk about surface
level conversations
because she wasn't into
any of the spiritual stuff.
A couple times I tried to
bring things up to her.
But she really
wasn't interested.
Those friends where you're like,
oh my gosh, this is so cool.
And they're just not interested.
So you drop it.
So I asked her if she
would be my volunteer.
And I told her what I was doing.
I said, I want to regress
you, bring you into trance,
and then you might see
a past life or lives.
We'll see.
But the main goal of this really
is to access your higher self,
and then you can find
out anything you want to.
You can find out who you
really are, your true purpose.
And I told her, you
can heal yourself.
So my friend Jen said, I didn't
really realize you did that.
And I thought, oh my God, we've
been friends like 10 years,
like yeah, OK.
But she said, I have been
looking for something like this.
It pissed me off
a little more when
she said she is suffering
from this brain condition,
which she hadn't told anyone
about, only her husband.
But her brain condition was
called pseudotumor cerebri.
And basically what it
was was this flooding
of the spinal
fluid in her brain.
And she was working
really closely
with this team of
medical specialists
at the University of Miami.
And they told her there
is no cure for this,
that the best they
could do was to give her
this heavy-duty medication.
But even with the medication,
she might have 20 years.
Now, Jen here is 32.
And she had three young
children, so she was desperate.
So she was so desperate, she
would do this session with me.
So I regressed her
in our first session.
And all of a sudden, as she's--
under hypnosis,
she all of a sudden
starts to remember this
amazing ancient society
in so many details.
And I knew she knew
nothing about this
before because she not
only didn't know about it,
she didn't really believe in it.
But here she is recounting
in so many details
this beautiful society
in the South Pacific
where women were
the natural leaders
and this beautiful
compassionate society.
And we came to understand
that the women were
the natural leaders
because they carried
through their subconscious,
vital information
between the mother
and the daughter.
They never had to teach their
daughters this information.
But it was really
important information
about different plants,
what different properties
the plants held within them.
So as she's recounting
this amazing lifetime, all
of a sudden, she
starts to remember
that there were visitors
that started showing up.
And she sees these
visitors in these travel
spheres really, really advanced.
And these travel spheres
could protect them
so that you couldn't see
them until they landed.
And then they came out.
And they had these
really advanced suits on.
And the suits looked
like they were
like regulating their bodies.
But these were humans
that were coming out
of these travel spheres.
And then there was a
whole bunch of commotion
where these visitors
were wanting something
from her society.
And when they
couldn't get it, she
remembered that they
took her as a prisoner.
And then they had destroyed
the entire civilization.
And then as they took
her as a prisoner,
she realized she spent like
over 60 years in a prison.
So we came to understand
that these two places were
Atlantis and Lemuria.
But they called them
different names.
In her society,
they called it Aman.
That was the name of
Lemuria that they went by.
It's really interesting.
So after her first session,
I asked her higher self,
why did you show
her this lifetime?
Why did you want
her to see this?
And they said,
because the two of you
have decided before
you came into this life
to uncover and share this
information with the world,
that the world had been waiting
for thousands and thousands
of years till the
consciousness on the planet
had evolved enough that you guys
could come back and share this
again.
And you wouldn't be
murdered this time for it.
And people would finally
get this information
that people had been waiting for
so long for this information.
And they said, the information
has a consciousness,
that it's so powerful,
it would even
create change amongst
the people that heard it.
So I thought, oh, that's
an interesting story.
I'm kind of skeptical--
I don't know if you can tell--
until things are proven to me.
But then I asked
her higher self,
what is the very root cause
of her brain condition?
And they said the root
cause was just the catalyst
to get her to come see me,
that without a catalyst,
she would have never
had this session.
And it's so true.
So then I said, OK,
well, she came here.
She did what she
was supposed to do.
She's having this
session with me.
Can you release it now?
And her higher self said, yes.
And all of a sudden, my
friend felt it draining.
She could feel it draining
behind her left eye.
And she came out of the session.
She was so excited.
I mean, I wish I could
describe her expression.
But she could feel
this feeling where
you know things might
actually turn out OK.
Because before then, she
had been in so much fear
about leaving her
little children.
So she goes back to her
team of specialists.
And she's healed.
She was so happy.
So anyway, we decided--
[APPLAUSE]
I know.
These miracles happen
in these sessions.
It's just such a blessing
that Dolores left this for us.
So she came back.
And we decided, let's
get together again.
Let's find out what the story
is that we need to uncover
and share with the world.
What has everybody been
waiting for for so long?
So I asked her higher
consciousness, OK, take us back
to the beginning of this story.
And I thought--
I honestly thought
that we would go back
to the beginning of that
lifetime in Lemuria,
that we would start
from the beginning.
She would uncover her childhood.
And we would go
through her childhood
and find out everything
there was to know.
Lemuria?
No.
Her higher consciousness decided
the beginning of the story
was when she was a commander of
an extraterrestrial ship coming
to Earth for the first time.
Now, she did not believe in
extraterrestrials, so I thought,
oh my God.
She already thinks I'm so weird.
This is just not good
for our friendship.
But here she was
recounting in full detail.
And it was interesting
because as a practitioner,
I had already heard a
little of this stuff but not
these details.
It was incredibly
detailed to talk--
to almost like talking
to an extraterrestrial.
That's what it felt
like because I'm
going to let you
listen to a little clip
of this actual second
session we had.
But this is how it was.
And you can kind of feel
the energy coming through.
So she's recounting
this lifetime
where they were running out of
resources on their home planet.
And so it appeared that
she came from a star system
within the Pleiadian
star system.
And what they did was they
used these type of red crystals
to create almost
like a new realm,
a vortex almost, if you
want to call it that.
And everyone had to go into
this vortex at least once.
And the reason you had to go in
was because it would shock you
into enlightenment.
Once you were shocked
into enlightenment,
you would understand the
whole nature of reality.
And then you would
no longer need
to compete with others because
you would fully understand
that you were everyone you saw.
So that's why in
their star system,
they had to do
this at least once.
Now, she as a he remembered
he had done it seven times.
And that was one
of the reasons why
he was chosen to be a part of
this mission Earth basically.
When they would go through
this vortex of enlightenment,
of course, I had her remember
like, go step by step,
find out the secrets
of the universe.
I was like, OK, go back.
And let's find out what's
the secret of the universe.
So I had to remember.
And she remembered
going into the vortex
and then being
like shocked almost
into this feeling of
like awe and wonder.
And you would see
that everything
is in a figure eight form.
So the nature of reality
is this figure eight.
So it folds up on top of itself.
This is what they would
see in the beginning
as they went into the vortex.
Then they would see that
the whole reality was
a game, so to speak,
and that this game never
ends and never has a beginning.
But it's been going
on for so long,
longer than you can comprehend
even in the aspect of time.
Even this universe
that we're in right
now used to be a different
universe that was eventually
played out throughout its
whole life cycle, ended,
and we're in a new universe.
I mean, we are all part
of this group, all of us,
this ancient, ancient group
that has been doing this
over and over and over again so
that our energy always continues
to learn, and it
never stays stagnant,
and that we can always keep
evolving our consciousness,
our soul.
So I'm going to let you
listen to a little clip
of our second session
and what she remembered.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- I had an advanced society
for a very long time.
And the thing that we have
become most reliant on
is a type--
it is like a
mineral or a crystal
or a combination of both.
We've just exhausted
our resources of.
And there's truly no way to
create this in a laboratory.
It has to be found.
And it could be delivered
to a planet on an asteroid.
- It can be delivered to
a planet on an asteroid?
- It can within the
crashing of it into a planet
or in the formation of
the planets early days
with many particles
crashing into it.
It creates them.
So we have gone to other
places where we have found it
and have mined those
efficiently over the millennias.
But this is a new place.
And it is rich in this resource.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> So it's really interesting to
hear my friend that I had known
for so long, who didn't
believe in extraterrestrials,
remembering being
an extraterrestrial.
And it was like, I
could speak directly
with an extraterrestrial,
so then weird stuff started
happening in my office since--
2018 basically is when it
started where people started
coming in for their
sessions who had never
met one another
and all of a sudden
would recount
similar experiences,
or extraterrestrials would
start using my clients
as like a radio almost.
And I thought it was
just a coincidence.
I thought maybe
this is happening
to all the other practitioners
because some of my clients
were also remembering different
lifetimes in Atlantis or Lemuria
or extraterrestrials
crash-landing.
And I thought maybe everyone's
experiencing this too,
so I would ask everybody.
And it was just me.
And I thought that's so weird.
I don't know why, but
it kept happening.
So here's another clip.
But this is another clip of
what started happening to me.
So these extraterrestrials
were using my clients.
Here's another person just
describing how they look.
And this is a Pleiadian.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- This pants, they
are tight pants.
I have a belt. And
I have a jacket
that is tight with a star
on the left chest pocket.
- Do you get a sense as
to what the star means?
- It is a symbol for our
intergalactic alliance.
- Oh, could you
tell me about that?
- There are many
star systems involved
in the intergalactic alliance.
And I cannot speak
to any of them.
Our piece of the alliance,
the Pleiadian star system,
represents one of the
points of the star.
I have a face in a body
and hair and everything
that appears to be very humanoid
while I'm here on Earth.
I do not have that.
I'm a light being when
I am not on Earth.
- I see.
So you don't have that body
when you're not on Earth?
- I only have this body when I
need to come somewhere where--
in the third density
that requires a body.
- And how do you
talk through Jasmine?
- Jasmine is a channel.
She's a vessel.
She has allowed me to
come and speak to you
and answer all of
your questions.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> So I noticed they
started coming through.
And they kept giving me
advice because they wanted
me to share this information.
So they kept saying, put
my information in a book.
And they will share it for me.
So I put all my information
about Atlantis and Lemuria
in my first book.
And they literally
have done all of it.
I self publish my books.
And they've just been
sharing it through me.
There's nothing
special about me.
I'm literally just
the messenger,
like just bringing this
information to everyone
that needs it basically.
But who are the
extraterrestrials?
And why do they want
to give us information.
Well, if you can
see, these people
are remembering being
an extraterrestrial.
So how can a person,
so many people
have these memories if
that doesn't mean that we
are the extraterrestrials?
Because so many people
have these memories.
There's nothing
different between us
and the extraterrestrials.
So if you think about
the universe and time,
time doesn't exist.
So there is no time in
the rest of the universe.
And you think about your
past versions of yourself.
People talk about past lives.
There's all these things
that happened in the past,
apparently.
Well, what about all
the things in our future
if everything's existing
in this now moment?
So there are other more
advanced versions of yourself.
There's other versions of you
that are maybe extraterrestrial
or even parallel
lives that you might
be experiencing on other
realms or other planets.
We're so multidimensional.
Now, I really want to
talk about the Greys
a little bit because
it's interesting to me
because so many people
are afraid of them.
But they started coming through
my clients like around--
they started happening
more around 2019,
where they would use my
clients as this radio.
And they started sharing
things like they're here.
Help us.
And we're there
also to help them.
We're doing this together.
I never found any
fearful, that they
were trying to take our
souls or anything like that.
I never found any of that
to be true whatsoever.
So I want to share a
little clip of a client
that actually remembers being
a Grey extraterrestrial,
and then just more
about their lives,
what is it like to be a
Grey extraterrestrial.
Well, you can actually
hear it for yourself
I really don't think that you
could possibly find something
like this anywhere.
So I'm going to let you
hear what it actually
sounds like when you're
talking to somebody that's
remembering this kind of stuff.
[AUDIO PLAYBACK]
- What do you look like there?
If you look down, can
you see feet there?
- Kind of, yeah.
Kind of make them out.
They're like nubby feet.
I feel like I have three
toes there that I can see.
I don't know if we
would call them toes.
I'm not sure.
They're short.
They don't look like they
have a lot of joints in them.
There's not a lot of movement.
- Do they have a color?
- Pale, brownish,
grayish, a color
that's not a very
appealing color.
- What about if you
look up your body?
What do you look like?
- It's pretty standard gray
like little skinny body.
I can tell that my head is big.
Feel its presence, you know?
- And what do you
notice inside this body?
How do you feel?
Do you feel healthy or not?
- I feel healthy.
But the body is
like registering--
reading information
from the environment.
That's what a human body does.
But it's not like that.
I can tell that it's separate
from me, even though I'm in it.
So I can tell it's functioning.
So it's functioning fine.
Yeah, the Avatar suit, yeah.
There's no real sleeping.
- There's no sleeping?
- No.
Why would the body need to rest
if it's not actually a body?
- I see.
How do you feel in this place?
Do you have any
emotions or feelings?
- Subtle.
That's why it's hard to
describe how you feel.
Just going with the flow.
It's interesting to see
the things that I do.
But it's very
redundant, repetitive.
- What kind of things do
you find interesting there?
- Just the technology.
The technology is high
tech, low tech sometimes.
So when I look at it, it
looks like a kid made it.
It's so simple.
But because it uses advanced
knowledge of things,
so you won't have an excessive
amount of wires or chips
in this stuff.
You can just see like a stone
and some wires coming off of it.
It's just minimal.
It's not like when you
open the dash of like a car
that we drive and there's
thousands of wires everywhere.
It's not like that.
- And do you get--
how is it powered?
- It's powered from the air.
The energy in the air.
- Where does this
energy come from?
- It just exists everywhere.
It's the stuff that
reality is made of.
So it's like a phantom power
where just touching something,
well, you'll be the final
conduit between the air
and the technology
to turn it on.
So any technology doesn't
necessarily have to be--
like have a battery
or anything like that.
I have to give you a
real-world example.
It's the only way I
can describe this.
So if your phone and this--
you just pick your phone up.
Like now, you just connected
the air to your phone.
You're the conduit.
The phone doesn't do anything.
But when you look at the screen,
you can see your phone lit up.
And you can see
everything somebody else
wouldn't be able to see it.
That kind of stuff.
When you let go of it,
it's not on anymore.
It doesn't look on.
And you just use your
mind to communicate
with it because it's just
reflecting your information.
It goes like that
for the ships too.
They guide the ships
with their mind.
But they'll put their hands
in these little things
to complete the circuit.
- What do the little things look
like that complete the circuit?
- Simple hand prints.
And the material,
they're not that fancy.
That's why I was saying it
doesn't look that fancy.
It just is fancy, you know?
- Uh-huh.
And when they put their hands
in the circuit, what happens?
It complete a circuit.
What do you mean by that?
- So with the consciousness
inside of the little body,
you have your feet grounding.
Your hands are the opposite end.
It's just like a circle.
- Can you tell me more about
what it looks like on the ship?
- It's very smooth inside.
There's no corners
in these ships.
There are no edges.
It's like molded.
The seats are molded.
They're not like a chair
that spins on top or anything
like that.
It's just a lump in
the vehicle itself
that comes up like someone just
took some clay and pulled it.
And it stretched into a
little thing you could sit on.
- What does a
material look like?
- Almost like, I don't
know, inside of a clay place
that you would make
but incredibly smooth.
It's just got this durable
yet soft look to it.
It doesn't look like smooth
and hard like granite.
It looks smooth and hard
like a soapstone or like a--
I'm not sure how
to describe this.
But it also looks like
it's covered in crystals.
- What kind of crystals?
- I'm not sure what kind.
But they just look like
clear white crystals,
like tiny little pieces.
So it looks like
the walls sparkle.
- What do you do during
your day-to-day life?
- I'm almost like an apprentice.
I go with the crew.
And I just assist
the tall Greys.
We can shift into
the astral realm.
And it's like a conscious
thing that can be done.
And there's also a
technological version of it too.
So if you're doing
some intense stuff
and your focus is constantly
going in different places,
you can have a technology
that will keep you
in one dimension or the other.
I as a Grey enjoy the humans.
I'm pretty sure it's just about
the humans are the fun thing.
We watch them.
We live through them.
There's not a whole lot of
emotion in the Grey society.
Every Grey here has like a
personality type a little bit.
you can still tell when you
interact with them that they're
different than another one.
But some might have
more emotion than others
when you meet the
Greys and stuff.
But other than dealing
with the humans,
there's not a whole lot of
what people would call fun.
It's all work.
- Does your group
have an agenda?
- Just a mutually beneficial
thing that's trying to happen,
that we the Greys are
trying to do with humanity.
- Do you have any--
go ahead.
- It seems selfish and scary.
But it's actually beneficial
for everyone involved,
or we wouldn't be doing it.
- Do you have any advice for us
as we go through this ascension
process?
Is there any advice?
Because it's so chaotic.
- Enjoy all the emotions
involved because not many--
not everybody has the ability
to even feel the emotions,
whether they're good or bad.
Just being grateful
for being alive,
not only does it help
your ascension process,
but the best advice is
just to enjoy everything,
actually enjoy what you see when
you walk-- when you look around.
You have an ability to take
something that means nothing
and make it something beautiful
just by the way you perceive it.
And those emotions are really
what help you ascend upwards.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> So it was interesting because
as these extraterrestrials kept
coming through or people
would remember being
an extraterrestrial
in so many details,
they kept bringing up how
powerful we are all the time.
They just said that we are all
masters of this limitation,
that we totally have
forgotten how powerful we are.
But they kept saying that
the most powerful being
in the universe is the human.
Who knew?
And I was like, wait a
minute, I don't believe you.
And they said,
yes, because humans
are known throughout the
universe to be the most powerful
in a sense because other
beings throughout the universe
have more limitations
than a human does.
Actually, a human has
unlimited potential.
And this is known throughout the
whole universe, except for us.
We're like the
last ones to know.
But the higher consciousness
and all these extraterrestrials
keep saying that you come
here to totally forget
how powerful you are.
And you want to remember.
You want to release
these patterns,
release these old
programs and thoughts,
and then learn about
yourself again.
And the superhumans are
the fully awakened human,
like Shiva or Buddha.
And that is who we really are.
That is the trajectory
of humanity actually.
We are going back
up into this time
where we will start to awaken
our true divinity actually.
[MUSIC PLAYING]